The files in this directory are not (yet) part of the Gnus distribution proper.
They may later become part of the distribution, or they may disappear
altogether.

Please note that it is NOT good to just add this directory to `load-path': a
number of files in this directory will become part of more recent Emacs
versions, so that you might be running obsolete libraries with all kinds of ill
effects (cf. `list-load-path-shadows').

The suggested method for installation is to copy those files that you need to a
directory which is in `load-path'.

Here is an overview of the files:

compface.el

	Provides the ELisp-based uncompface program.  It is excellent and
	practical (actually you can replace lisp/compface.el with it), however
	the author is missing and the copyright has not been assigned yet.

gnus-namazu.el

	This file defines the command to search mails and persistent articles
	with Namazu, which is a full-text search engine distributed at
	<http://namazu.org>, and to browse its results with Gnus.

gnus-kill-to-score.el

	Convert kill files to score files.  See (info "(gnus)Converting Kill
	Files").

gpg-ring.el
gpg.el

	Obsoleted by PGG and EasyPG.

one-line-cookie.diff

sendmail.el
smtpmail.el

	Copies of the corresponding files from the Emacs lisp/mail/ directory,
	to provide features (occasionally) needed by Gnus which may not be
	provided by the versions of these files in older Emacs distributions
	(Emacs < 22).  XEmacs users should NOT use this, since it doesn't work.
	See the XEmacs mail-lib module instead.

ssl.el

        Obsolete interface to OpenSSL.  Completely replaced by `lisp/tls.el',
        which supports both GnuTLS and OpenSSL.  This file will be removed
        eventually.

ucs-tables.el

	This file provides improved Unicode functionality.  It defines
	functions `unify-8859-on-encoding-mode' and
	`unify-8859-on-decoding-mode' which unify the Latin-N charsets.
	Without `unify-8859-on-encoding-mode', composing a Latin-9 reply to a
	Latin-1 posting, say, will produce a multipart posting (a Latin-1 part
	and a Latin-9 part), or perhaps UTF-8.  With
	`unify-8859-on-encoding-mode', the outgoing posting can be all Latin-1
	or all Latin-9 in most cases.

	It is harmless to turn on `unify-8859-on-encoding-mode', but
	`unify-8859-on-decoding-mode' may unexpectedly change files in
	certain situations.  (If the file contains different Latin-N
	charsets which should not be unified.)

	This is part of Emacs 21.3 and later, which also turns on
	`unify-8859-on-encoding-mode' by default.

vcard.el

xml.el

	This is used for parsing RSS feeds.  Part of Emacs 21.3 and later.
	Note that the version of this file in the Gnus contrib/ directory is
	out of date with respect to the version in the Emacs tree, so don't use
	this file unless using Emacs < 21.3.

;; Local Variables:
;; fill-column: 79
;; End:
